My name is Brooke Dietmeier and I am currently a freshman at the University of Washington. My intended major is either computer
science or the school of informatics. I became interested in the technology world after taking AP computer science my junior year of high 
school. My high school computer science teacher was one of the first people that believed in my academic abilities and still to this day, challenges
me to study and work hard in every facit of my studies. With the technology world being predominatly male dominated, I decided that I 
wanted to challenge myself and work to influence the technology world with more educated and hardworking females. I have always been strongly influenced
by criminal justice, social and civil rights issues. With technology being in the hands of almost everyone, I figured that the best way to make an positive 
impact is to start at the root of the problem and change the way we address social issues within technology. 

Outside of school I like to spend time with my friends. Often times skiing, biking, playing volleyball or discussing controvesial current issues. When I 
was younger, my mom had to bribe me with candy to read. Now, I find myself eager to read and obtain as much information through books as possible. I love
crime novels almost as much as I love true crime television. When I'm not studying, reading or watching TV, I love to spend time with my family, 
playing board games and making dinners together. 

I pride myself on my ability to connect with others on a deeper level and networking with friends, family and acquaintances. I have played lacrosse and 
volleyball for the majority of my life, and I strongly believe that this has lead to a developed skill of communication and team work. Working with others
and problem solving has been a priority of mine for as long as I can remember and I believe that I facilitate these skills in almost every asset of my life. 
I am eager to expand my knowledge in many facets of life and am excited to dive into the work force and learn from my superiors and other students/workers.
